This ClueSolver class is intended to act as a use-case example for WCSPLift, a program that relates to the Constraint 
Composite Graph for the weighted constraint satisfaction problem. Specifically, this program simulates the board game
Clue from the perspective of the user against bots. As turns go by, the game tracks all deducible knowledge about the
game state gained so far from the perspective of the user. At any time, this game state data can be written to an
input file formatted for WCSPLift using the ClueFileWriter class, which will then solve the most likely solution to the
game (location of each card). This can also be combined with the Top K Solutions Generator script to instead output the top K most
likely solutions, allowing the user to play smarter. By eliminating less likely possible solutions without revealing the most likely
solution, a player can outwit opponents to win the game of Clue. To run the code, please see the ClueSolverGUI GitHub (detailed below).

WCSPLift: https://gitlab.com/xuphys/wcsp-solver
Top K Solutions Generator: https://gitlab.com/kianasun/top-k-wcsp-solutions
ClueSolverGUI: https://github.com/milangoyal/ClueSolverGUI

The ClueSolver follows similar rules to the actual board game. The default game uses 21 cards of three types: Suspects, Places,
and Weapons. One of each type is placed in the case file and the rest are distributed among the players as evenly as possible.
Players take turns "suggesting" the contents of the case file, and each suggestion is passed around to the other players. If a
player holds a card contradicting the suggestion, they must reveal that card to the player who made the suggestion, thereby ending
that suggestion. If a suggestion goes through all players without any contradicting it, that means it must be the contents of the
case file (unless the player who made the suggestions holds one of the suggested cards). Before the user ends their turn, they may
make an "accusation" declaring the contents of the case file. If they are correct they win the game, otherwise they lose.

Information related to WCSPLift input file:
Each binary variable represents a card and its location.
0: card 1 is in location 1
1: card 1 is in location 2
...
n: card x is in location y
The default game has 21 cards (6 suspects, 9 places, 6 weapons). Each player's hand is a possible location as well as each of
the three slots in the case file. The probability of each variable being true is calculated using the game state data and added
as constraints.


These other following logical constraints are also added to the variables:
1) A card cannot be in multiple locations
2) A card must be in at least one location
3) Each case file slot can only have the appropriate type of card (suspect, weapon, or place)





